prepare release for updating labels (#62)
remoteoss/remote-flows: .changeset/mighty-showers-end.md

---
'@remoteoss/remote-flows': patch
---

> Add options.jsfModify to modify the cost calculator form labels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support options.jsfModify to allow customization of cost calculator form labels and other schema properties
```
